[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are with retired SEAL Team-6
Chief Petty Officer Michael
Jaco who has over 35 years of
extensive combat experience,
including 11 years as
a CIA Security Officer.
Michael, welcome to the show.
>>MICHAEL JACO: Great
to be back again, Emery.
Thank you.
>>EMERY: Michael,
in the Space Force,
you have experienced and
witnessed various crafts.
What could you
tell us about that?
>>JACO: The various craft or
all the way from individual
controlled and piloted aircraft
to two, three, four-seaters,
and then as long and as big
as mile-long spaceships.
So these different craft are
obviously very high tech.
And a lot of them had the
soul energy within them.
So when you actually
fly them, you're
flying them with
your consciousness.
Now that the craft itself
as its own consciousness
can fly itself.
A lot of times, you just
tell it the destination,
and it heads out, and it
takes care of business.
Now this business could be
it's flying over a planet
where you're trying
to cloak yourself.
So it will cloak itself.
You don't have to monitor that.
You don't have to do that.
It has an intelligence
of its own.
You just tell it what
you want it to do.
Now when you're in combat, it'll
be handling different systems
and making sure everything
is run properly.
We've seen those
"Terminator" movies
where the Terminator
gets shot by a bullet,
and it reforms itself.
So these craft are the same way.
They can reform themselves.
So they get damaged.
They have liquid
metal that will form.
>>EMERY: So it like
heals itself, the craft.
>>JACO: It heals itself.
There's nanotechnology,
the same kind of technology
that's actually in our
bodies to a certain extent.
So we can actually
heal ourselves,
but not we're not
liquid metal, of course.
But they will come in and
actually help us heal faster
and stuff like that too.
>>EMERY: Are they organic?
>>JACO: They are metallic
and organic as well.
You know, they're both.
These nanotechnologies have
a consciousness of their own.
Sometimes they're AI.
And sometimes they will have,
actually, a consciousness that
connects with your
consciousness.
It's almost like it has
its own little mini soul.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>JACO: You know, it's
a little mini you.
It has a ability to connect
with you on a quantum level.
And that quantum connection,
that quantum thinking,
the quantum level
weaponry systems,
the quantum level aircraft--
and when I say "quantum,"
it's a consciousness
level of information.
It's consciousness level that
translates into everything,
whether it's computerized
systems, whether it's
a massive starship,
that's a mile long.
All of these different
systems are on a quantum
high speed more
technologically advanced level.
>>EMERY: Why would
they need weapons?
>>JACO: Weaponry-- they
don't always need them.
Some craft are just
reconnaissance craft
where you'll go out
and look at stuff.
And then other craft or
designed to actually go to war.
So you have many different
craft that you can actually
choose for mission.
Just like I would, if I
was on a reconnaissance--
>>EMERY: Michael, when
did this take place?
>>JACO: Well, I started
on combat missions
when I was in my teens.
They were very simple at first.
At first, I was just put into
aircraft and flown around.
And then eventually I
was put in aircraft,
and I would connect with them
and just do simple movements.
At first, it was
just a connection.
Someone else would like
get me to that point,
just like you'd take a
pilot lesson here in the US,
anywhere.
So you learn the
basics, and then you
take it to the next level.
Now some of these craft
are extremely advanced.
And as I advanced in abilities,
as I advanced in age,
I was able to handle these
different level of craft.
So craft at the level
where consciously
I integrate with the ship,
I integrate separately
with the navigation.
with the weapon system.
And I'm integrated
telepathically
with the rest of my team.
I'm also being influenced
or given information
from the starship, which
is basically sending
out information, navigation.
And things change on
a dime, just like they
do in a regular combat mission.
As you're flying
in to do something,
you might get sent to another
direction or another place.
So it's I'd like you jump
in this thing and you
just, boom, you go, it's the
same thing any combat mission.
So as I progressed as an
operator, as a warrior,
here in the SEAL teams,
and then in the CIA,
I became more adept at handling
more and more complex missions.
And that's the way it was
in the Secret Space Program.
>>EMERY: Where did
this take place?
>>JACO: Some of these missions
were in our own solar system,
on different planets
within our solar system,
like in Jupiter, the
moons of Jupiter,
Saturn, on the moons of Saturn.
I have memories of
actually having combat
on these different planets.
And on Jupiter, in
particular, I remember
going in and going against
what I call the "Rock Men."
You know, they have like
rock face and rock bodies?
They're just like a reptilian.
That's kind of the way I
looked at them, as a reptilian.
When we fought them, we
had to fight them as teams.
So they could resist our
pulse weapons, our pulse laser
weapons.
Just like if you
had a shield, they
could shield themselves
and resist it.
But if you came around somebody
that had a shield from the side
or from behind, then
they were vulnerable.
So we worked on them in teams.
And this came over
a period of time
where we would come against
these guys or these creatures.
>>EMERY: No, absolutely.
I've actually seen these
types of extraterrestrials
that are from descendants
of the Arcturus sector.
Very interesting individuals
to say the least.
>>JACO: Fascinating.
>>EMERY: But also
very resilient.
>>JACO: So that was
some of your dissection
that we went in and actually
worked on some of those.
That's fascinating.
So it's kind of
verification that I
got something like that you
have experienced that as well.
>>EMERY: It's unbelievable you
actually had combat with them.
It's amazing.
Why were we in combat with them?
>>JACO: There's
different reasons.
The things we see
here that are illegal
happen in space on
a very great level.
>>EMERY: Of course.
>>JACO: Human trafficking.
>>EMERY: Yes.
>>JACO: Weapons trafficking.
Although we're
getting to the point
where our technology is so
advanced, a lot of the ET races
are actually buying
our technology
because we've advanced
so much with it,
and we do such a
great job with it.
We're very resourceful.
We're very creative
with our information,
and they love that.
But there's still weapons
trafficking, human trafficking,
and weapons trafficking.
There is still that drug
trafficking that goes on.
And that is part of
what we're seeing here
on a very dark
level, very nasty.
>>EMERY: It's a very dark level.
>>JACO: Yeah.
>>EMERY: Indeed.
>>JACO: Exactly.
>>EMERY: Whose craft were these?
>>JACO: These craft
are basically ours.
We developed these craft.
We designed these
craft with ET help.
In the beginning, it
came from the Nazis.
So the Nazis went to
Antarctica, developed the craft.
We thought we won the
war, but the Nazis
had advanced their
technology in Antarctica kind
of under the radar so to speak.
And once we realized that
they were pretty advanced down
there, we sent a fleet down
there, the Admiral Bird fleet.
They came out with a directed
energy weapons and basically--
>>EMERY: That was a big war.
>>JACO: That was a big war.
And they, like,
ripped ships apart
with their directed
energy weapons.
And we couldn't defeat them.
So from that point on,
we had to give people.
I was part of that early
program where I was supposed
to be part of their group.
There was a process where
we were like bedded down.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>JACO: I remember there were
like hundreds of kids that
were involved in my program.
And eventually at the end, there
were like a couple of dozen
of us left when I went to the
moon for my first training.
>>EMERY: Has any of these craft
leaked out through the media
that you're aware of?
>>JACO: Oh, absolutely,
we're seeing it all the time.
And that's part of
disclosure as well.
So these craft or our craft.
95% of them are our craft.
We design them.
We develop them, reverse
engineered more often than not,
but also ET help.
So the ET help comes in and
helps us design these things.
There's crashes that
we've had way back
where we reverse engineered.
A lot of the technologies
that the military
had in the early
days, night vision,
and so forth, that's
all back engineered
stuff that we got
off these craft.
Now as we go forward, we're
manufacturing more and more
of these technologies ourself,
engineering moving forward.
These engineering
rates of progression
are absolutely phenomenal.
I saw that at SEAL Team-6.
I saw advanced
technologies at SEAL Team-6
that were constantly coming in.
And I stepped away
from that program
at SEAL Team-6 for a few
years and then came back
and did some more
interoperational training.
And they had advanced so
far in those few years,
it was like I had
already was working
at a 50-year level of technology
above the regular SEAL teams,
and now I felt like
just after a few years,
it was at the 100-year level.
So the technological advance
in weaponry, in craft
is unbelievable.
Stuff we can't talk
about, but it's fantastic.
>>EMERY: What was your
role in these craft?
>>JACO: Sometimes
it's just a rider
and sometimes actually
flying these craft.
As we advance, as I advanced,
and became more senior,
I started to actually
fly these craft.
And that translated into, later
in the game, training others.
Now flying the craft
themselves was fantastic.
It was something that
everyone should experience
at some point in their life,
because the interaction
that you have with the soul
level energy, and the vibration
of that technology, the
vibration of that soul level
being that's flying that
craft is just unbelievable.
It's absolutely remarkable.
>>EMERY: In your regression
session with Barbara Lamb,
you have mentioned positive
and negative influences
of extraterrestrials.
Let's take a look at that.
>>JACO: The two sides
that are opposed
are the galactic, the positive
Galactic Federation, and those
of darkness, usually of
the Draco Reptoids race.
So you have positive
ETs that are trying
to keep the timeline perfect.
Like the Pleiadians
are very involved
in removing a lot
of the Draco races
from Arcturus,
Andromeda, Sirius,
many, many different
races of beings,
star beings that are here that
are contributing and helping
in service to all.
And then you have the
humans that are involved
with those positive ET races.
And then you have
the negative ET races
which are trying
to enslave humanity
and the rest of the galaxy.
That's one of the things
that the Galactic Federation
and the space forces
involved in stopping
some of that trafficking.
>>EMERY: Did you encounter
extraterrestrial intelligences?
And what was the
context of that?
>>JACO: Many different contexts.
I would say I've encountered
positive and negative.
They're out there.
Just like you and I are having
this great conversation right
now, we get along
real great, we know
there's humans that we
could not sit together with,
and that they would like
cut our throat before we
could think twice about it.
There are ET races that are
like that, very violent, many
of the Draco reptilian races.
Those races are extremely
violent, but not all of them.
There's 50%, or
actually probably
like 60% at this point, that are
trying to turn their brothers
and sisters to become more
enlightened and positive.
So I think that process is
part of what we're involved in.
Now if we show up, like
we used to show up,
against a Rock Man and some
of these reptilian races,
they're extremely large.
In fact, we're kind of small
in the extraterrestrial range.
You are looking at eight and
above and all the way up to 12,
15 feet tall.
The reptilians
are very powerful.
And their thought
energy is very powerful.
So that's one of the things that
we learned early on as well,
to learn how to reflect negative
energies that come at us.
And that's one of the things
a lot of these alien races
do that are negative.
They come in and dominate
our consciousness,
and can turn us, and flip us,
and make us do crazy stuff.
They can make us turn on
our brothers and sisters.
They have that ability.
So that was one of the
things that we learned early
on, especially in the special
projects that I was involved
in, the special forces groups.
We all had to have that very
high level of intelligence
and ability to
control our minds,
which we learned from
a very early age.
So the ET races--
I've been against spider beings.
The spider beings
are the baddest.
They're not fun to fight at all.
They're very, very big, very,
very powerful, very hard
to defeat.
The memories are pretty strong.
They're emotional.
You have to learn how to
deal with your emotions.
You have to-- and I won't
say control your emotions,
because controlling
your emotions
can be a negative because you
just impact, impact, impact,
and then they explode.
So you have to learn how to let
these emotions like just drift
through you.
You notice a certain thing,
you become the observer
instead of constantly
having these ups and downs
with the emotions and so forth.
The ET races are loving,
many, many loving ET races.
The Venusians
trained us in love.
And that training you know
spilled into all aspects
from that point on.
So we would always come in with
that consciousness of love.
And some of these
ET races, which
were very large, very
powerful, and very dominant
normally would soften.
And then they'd work with us.
It was that easy.
Now some of them,
we would come in,
and unless we came
in very dominant,
and that's why we had
increased in size--
I was in the Hulk
program for a while.
I was increased in
size to the point where
I was at least 8 feet tall
and almost 350 pounds, just
like a Hulk.
And as that being coming
in-- and still kind
of on the small side of
some of these Reptilians,
but when we came a very
powerful, very dominant, very
like you're not going
to mess with us.
We're coming at you
lovingly, but if we need to,
we can throw down.
So when you come
at them like that,
then they're more
willing to deal with you.
95% of the time,
they'll deal with you
because they look
for weakness, they
look for someone
that is in fear.
They dominate someone with fear.
And that's what we
learn how to overcome,
over all of our fears, and then
come into these different races
whether they're
Arachnoid, whether they're
Rock Men, whether they're
Reptilians, whether they're
all the different species
that we would encounter over
the years, it was just amazing.
We'd always come in like
that, and most of the time
we were able to deal with them.
>>EMERY: Could you
touch base on sometimes
when you are out in the field
with these extraterrestrials,
there are no
weapons because they
are the weapon with the
energy to shut your mind down,
turn against your partner?
>>JACO: Very good, yeah.
And that's absolutely correct.
A lot of these races
don't have weaponry.
So a lot of people think, well,
if they don't have weaponry,
then we can dominate them.
And no it doesn't work that way.
So if you come in with
that domineering attitude,
that is what they
use against you.
And they turn you.
They flip you, can control
you, with that domineering type
of attitude.
So loving, like we
talked about, you've
got to come in with that
loving, vibrational attitude.
And if you don't, then
they're going to flip you,
control you, and all
kinds of different things.
And that's the way
the Arachnoids are.
The Arachnoids are
extremely effective at that.
So you have to come in with
that loving vibration knowing
that you're going to
have to fight them.
So it's a very, very fine
line where a lot of people
think that you come in
domineering, you come in angry,
and that will get you killed.
>>EMERY: Instantly.
>>JACO: And in fact, I've
noticed that as a SEAL
and as a CIA contractor,
some of those guys
that were extremely violent
and wanted to throw down,
they're the first ones to go.
They die.
And we don't want anyone
like that around us now.
So that's the way it
is in Space Force.
We are all trained to the level
of that loving consciousness.
So we're actually more effective
with that loving consciousness
of vibration going in.
And with that loving
consciousness vibration,
we're actually able to
have layered thinking.
We can handle our different
systems and so forth.
With that very strong, hard,
violent type of attitude,
you can't handle some
of your weapons systems
or communicate telepathically
with other people.
You have to be there.
It's amazing.
>>EMERY: You spoke
of the Venusians
and how they taught you love.
How do you teach
someone an emotion?
>>JACO: So Venusians
are extremely
powerful with the
love vibration.
In fact, many different
ET races come and train
with the Venusians in the
love energy vibration.
So it's a vibration.
A lot of people think, Oh,
I have love for my dog.
I have love for my girlfriend.
It's actually much,
much deeper than that.
It's a love for all
conscious fields of energy.
So when you go into that, when
you look at someone in the eye,
they can feel your love.
You go to the soul
level and you actually
communicate soul level love.
That's how the Venusians teach
with that love consciousness,
with that connection
with the soul level,
with looking into
someone's eyes,
or looking into another
ET presence's eyes.
And if they don't
have eyes, then
you imagine you're looking
into their soul level,
whether that's in their head,
whether that's in their heart
level, a lot of the ET races
have different areas where they
have a love energy focused.
So just that's one of the
sensing things that you learn,
too, the vibrational energies
of different extraterrestrial
races.
They're in all kinds of
configurations out there.
So you're, first of all,
you're coming at them
with that love vibration.
You're not looking at them
going, oh my god, you're ugly.
You know that would like--
>>EMERY: No, you
wouldn't see that.
>>JACO: You'd be done,
you're done, you know?
They don't deal with you.
So you come at them
with that loving energy.
You're just open.
You're open to--
and you'll find out
that some of the ones that
you would be grossed out
and like freaked out
about maybe right now,
those are some of
the most loving,
and amazingly, and have gifted,
can teach you a lot of things.
And they're willing to teach.
They want to teach.
They want to bring others up
to a higher vibration where
they're at.
And that's what we encounter
with the Venusians.
So the Venusians, it was a
six-month training period where
we learned how to have no fear.
That was the beginning
of our training.
And although we had learned
this no fear in our training,
up to that point, there
were still some factors
that we needed to work through.
So heart-centered, we
think of the heart.
We think of the energies
of the heart going out,
which are extremely powerful.
The vibrational fields are much
larger than the actual brain's
energies and so forth.
So we learn all of these
different vibrational fields,
how to take those
vibrational fields
and project them, how to get a
connection with other beings.
And that was part
of the process.
It was a long process
getting rid of the fears
so there were no fears.
And if fear came in, if anything
that would normally excite you,
learn how to overcome that.
And that was a process
learning the brain neurons, how
they fire, and
neurolinguistics and so forth,
how we use we use words.
And all these different
things, the Venusians
taught us, most of
it through telepathy.
We very rarely talk
with the Venusians.
They were mostly telepathic.
>>EMERY: What other
beings stood out for you?
>>JACO: The Mantis beings.
So the Mantis beings
are very tall.
I remember being in
between a couple of them
that were my best friends.
And still to this day, I
consider the Mantis beings
some of the most amazing
and beautiful beings
that are out there.
But when you start
to connect with them
on a telepathic and
then, like we talk about,
the heart-based level, it
will bring you to tears.
It's just so amazing
how much love
and sharing that they have.
I've learned a lot
from the Mantis.
And I would tell
anyone to, if they ever
see a Mantis being,
do not be afraid
because they are amazing.
I've never heard of anyone
ever fighting a Mantis being.
I think they're all completely
integrated into the higher
consciousness realms.
So there's a lot of
insectoid that are like that.
And there's some
that are not so much,
like we talked about
the Arachnoid, you know,
the spiders.
The spiders are
very, very tough.
They're tough warriors.
They get extremely big.
And they multiply on
an unbelievable level.
They'll come into a planet
and drop their eggs.
And within a few months, there
will be hundreds of thousands
of them.
So we try to catch
them out very early on.
They're very aggressive.
They dominate.
They want to take over planets.
Once they come into a planet
and they lay that many eggs,
then they think it's theirs.
And they'll fight all
the way to the death,
every single one of them.
And it's very frustrating.
You'll knock a piece of
them off and they regenerate
almost instantaneously.
It's a lot of techniques to take
them out, a lot of firepower.
>>EMERY: A lot of the
regenerative medicine
technologies that we
have reverse engineered
came from that race.
>>JACO: That's fascinating.
>>EMERY: Because they
have that ability.
>>JACO: Very good.
Yeah, it's one of
the things that--
I have memories of it's
one of the toughest races
out there, more
than the Rock Men,
more than the Draco Reptilians.
They're the toughest
race to go against.
And I know their
consciousness is really high.
I don't know why they have
chosen the negative path,
but it is part of the
consciousness of the universe.
We have lots of different
beings out there.
That's one of the
beauties of it.
And there's also
some detractions.
And that's why in
the Space Force
we're trying to manage
that to a certain extent.
>>EMERY: Where did you
encounter the Mantis beings?
And where did you encounter
the Spider beings?
>>JACO: The Mantis
beings, I remember,
just outside of Draco in
the Arcturians star system.
So the Arcturians are
extremely advanced
in their consciousness.
They're here on
Earth at this time
trying to help us
ascend in consciousness.
So that's where I remember
being with those beings.
Those are my memories.
Maybe they're not
completely accurate.
I have memories of being
part of the Sirian.
The Sirian B star
group is where I
believe my starseed came from.
I have memories of
being with dolphins.
And even here as a Navy SEAL,
I've been around dolphins--
dolphins are always
coming to me.
I have this connection.
I have this water
planet connection.
So Sirian beings, I
mean very advanced here.
I feel like I'm in
that energy helping
people ascend in consciousness
with work that I do.
So it's very amazing.
So the Mantis are
very plentiful.
I wouldn't say as plentiful
as other insectoids,
but they're very plentiful
throughout the galaxy.
And when we encounter
them, we know
that we're going to have
a good relationship.
And they're on our craft
oftentimes advising us.
And I just love
being around them.
>>EMERY: When you
do encounter them,
do you have a mutual agenda?
>>JACO: So my memories so far--
and I know there's lots more
to come through--
because when you
make a connection
with a being like that, at
first you go through the motions
and then you start
the analytical process
of what is this.
So right now, very
emotional connection.
I know that they come in
to help us through trauma.
They help us work into
abilities with the telepathy,
working with other
races to calm them.
Because their abilities in the
calming higher consciousness
realms are exceptional.
So as my memories start to come
back working with the Mantis,
because I'm extremely
connected with them,
I think that it's
going to inform me
on a greater and greater level.
>>EMERY: Let's look
at another clip
talking about consciousness
and mind control.
>>JACO: I worked with a
team of Grays at one time.
They also taught me telepathy.
They also taught me
other forms of connecting
with this looking-glass
technology
that I would
eventually work with.
They taught me how to
connect my consciousness
with other consciousness
like plants, animals.
I would learn how to vibrate my
conscious fields to the point
where I could have a conscious
connection with plants,
with animals.
And then eventually, I
would be able to connect
with actual metal.
Then once I get to
that point, I started
to learn how to connect with
the consciousness that's
inside of spacecraft to
begin to talk with it,
not fly it, or not move
it, but just to connect
with it in the beginning.
>>EMERY: When you see
yourself regressed,
what do you think now?
>>JACO: After that regression,
a lot of information
has come through.
Now a lot of stuff that I
see in these regressions,
it takes months sometimes
to decipher and understand
this information.
But it's coming through
very quickly now.
So the consciousness
thing is one of the most--
is the greatest thing that we
could understand in this space
program.
The thing that we
have been trained in,
the thing that has
advanced us to work
with other
extraterrestrial beings
throughout the solar systems,
throughout the galaxy,
and other galaxies--
we've actually
moved to other galaxies
and are working now.
So we're really
starting to advance
on an unbelievable level.
So the minutia little things
that we look back, of course,
to us down here
on Earth, it seems
like very tragic,
very frustrating,
but they are going to
be resolved very soon.
And once they're resolved and
this space program information
comes through, people
are going to get involved
in it on a different level.
It's going to be very
exciting And very moving
as we go forward.
So consciousness
is the thing that
separates the space program from
those that are here right now.
So there is a
complete separation.
There's the Space Force,
which is on a different level.
We don't even really operate
here on Earth almost at all.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>JACO: And like
I said, you know,
when I had my training
as a little boy,
I never came to
the surface anymore
because the
consciousness would have
brought my consciousness
down that's on Earth,
which is very tragic.
It's an undesirable
situation and I
think that's going
to be corrected soon.
>>EMERY: Michael, what are
your comrades actually going
to think after
watching this episode?
>>JACO: Well some of them
are going to be like,
ah, Mike, he's like off on
one of these trips again.
But some of them have tapped
into this stuff before.
We've had these discussions.
A lot of us talk
about this stuff.
Because we push
our consciousness
in the SEAL teams,
it opens up all kinds
of these different worlds to us.
These are the things that
a lot of us have discussed.
I would even venture to say
that some of my comrades
are even more advanced
in this information
than I am, but just
aren't sharing it yet.
This is one of the
beautiful things
that we're doing
right now together.
You've done this work.
Now I'm getting
involved with it.
And I think more and more
people will get involved with it
as we move forward.
>>EMERY: Michael, thank
you so much for being
on the show and thanks
for this great connection.
>>JACO: Emery, it's been
an honor and a privilege.
I'm so amazed at what you
know, and I appreciate that.
>>EMERY: Thank you, Michael.
I'm Emery Smith, and this
is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]